Discussion Questions:
Mimi Benkoussa

	1) give a concise summary of what you did for your project, 
	2) acknowledge all external resources that you used (data, software, etc.), 
	3) describe your evaluation procedure, and 
	4) present the results of that evaluation.
	
	
	1) For this project, I created a web scraper (scraper.py) that reads in and obtains 
	Twitter stock data. The scraper then uses sentiment analysis to predict whether the 
	stock price has risen or decreased for a given time period. The user can input their 
	own .html file of Twitter data, or, can use an already-defined demo file, that runs 
	through tweets for  Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) stock data, from Nov. 1 2017 - 
	Dec. 11 2017, and outputs the predictions for the given time period. In order to 
	compare our scraper with some actual stock data, I have modified a Yahoo! Finance
	stock API (stock.py), which outputs the stock data corresponding to the stock data 
	from demo.
	
	2) Please see resources.txt
	
	3) Tweets were analyzed for positive and negative sentiments, using wordbanks that I 
	defined ourselves. Although generally in sentiment analysis, neutral sentiments are 
	included, stock prices are rarely "neutral," and so I decided to omit this from our 
	results. Once the tweets were compared with the positive and negative wordbanks, a 
	total was calculated (sum of positive and negative sentiments, ie total sentiments), 
	and whichever sentiment appeared the most led to the prediction for that given stock
	during the time period.
	
	4) In order to compare web scraper predictions, I used a Yahoo! Finance Stock API,
	and the screenshot results for demo (the NYSE:BAC data) via our web scraper 
	(scraper.py) in comparison with the output from the API (stock.py) are included 
	in scraper.png and stock.png, respectively.
	Some comments about the results:
		scraper.png - shows that NYSE:BAC from rom Nov. 1 2017 - Dec. 11 2017 was roughly
		82% positive and 18% negative
		stock.png - the graph clearly shows a rise in stock prices - from ~$27.40 to 
		~$28.90 - so a $1.50 increase
		Ultimately, the results from stock.png concede the predictions, however, the 
		positive and negative sentiment word bank was user-defined and thus much more 
		limited. Furthermore, because Twitter is social media, the results might not have 
		been completely accurate. I believe that if the Twitter and stock results were 
		both more extreme (ie super positive or super negative), this would be a more 
		likely outcome, because one is more likely to tweet about/comment on a drastic 
		change rather than standard stock fluctuations. 

